You
I
Have no responsibility for the current pandemic
It's gonna be a real quick hit tonight, ladies and gentlemen, I have a special guest coming in town
But I didn't expect so I need to run out to the airport and
green and old friends
I'm really excited about tonight, but I also didn't want to break the streak
I didn't want to break the streak. I don't plan to break the streak anytime soon. I
Think we're on evening number 19. Maybe evening number 20 in a row
I've been wanting to do this
Time if you've got to meet Bobby today, you know, what's up?
If you got to meet Bobby today, then you know what's up
There's some really big things happening. I don't know what it means
Gosh, I hope he's a good guy
We love you mark just get to it when you can my friend
You
Schedule for 60 minutes next
He's going on French British Italian
Japanese television people everywhere are starting to listen to him
embarrassing
Oh
Yeah, I forgot. I'll change this one. Sorry about that
Mystery captain Cutler and his wife taken into custody by sure that was some plan they had
first spreading the phony story about cover and
Then stealing the yachts from the marina that night on the beach
Cutler was storing extra scuba tanks in the graveyard of shit. Yeah, but like his diving suit
Got covered with that coopy glowing seaweed
And that's where the glowing ghost story came from well
How did Scooby do with that I guess that's another mystery
All right, here we go ladies and gentlemen welcome to the show
Oh
Good afternoon good evening good morning and good night wherever you are in this planet
This is giggle and biological high-resistance low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist
It's the 24th of September
2023 and we are still fighting
this limited but lively spectrum of debate about gain a function virus and
About how the protocols just simply don't matter
Thank you Jessica Hockett, thank you Dennis Rancor
Thank you mark you satanic. Thank you Nick Hudson. Thank you
To Thomas Binder
Thank you to Peter McCullough
Thank you to Robert F Kennedy Jr. Thank you to everybody who's speaking out against
The scam that is the childhood vaccination schedule in the United States of America
You're dang right, I'm saying it. I'm saying it out loud
I'm not gonna be ashamed of it anymore. This is the way we need to talk
Because they're gonna talk like we're crazy
So we might as well push it all the way over the finish line and all the way into the end zone
Because they're gonna say we're cheating anyway
And so we need to dunk the ball we need to
Spike the ball and the touchdown. We need to do whatever they do and rugby to celebrate
We need to take a slide on the grass like they do in football
Because it's time
No more bait on TV. No more bait on social media
Transfection is not immunization and we know it
More importantly, we knew that they knew it
More importantly, we know that they knew it before before it was ever
Transfection when it was just intramuscular injection of chemicals into your muscle
Yeah
Injection into your muscle with the idea of augmenting your immune system. No more
We're gonna finally be honest about this that we've been protecting these companies and
funneling massive profits into their coffers
while they
then
Sort of worked the other way with the CDC and the FDA. This is done and we are going to wake up. I'm convinced
We're gonna wake up because these people definitely have changed our minds about how we think about stuff and
We are waking up to the fact that these people have done this. We are waking up to their inconsistencies
We are waking up to how they changed our mind about this biology. We are waking up about what they did in the hospitals
and what these lies and these exaggerations led to and
how they continue to lie and exaggerate and distract and
Get everybody on social media and on the skilled TV watchers in the world think they're solving the mystery
And of course they've lied to us about the pandemic potential found in coronavirus is ordered invert our human rights into human privileges or human permissions
And they've done this through a carefully crafted narrative
People all over the internet involved in one way or another
with the idea that there's a
crazy new novel virus
everybody was vulnerable to and
Therefore we had to shut down the mRNA probably is saving lots of people at least they're really old or sick or core morbid and
And now it's pretty much the conclusion of these people over here that it's a gain-of-function virus and that's why it was so bad
And anybody that's questioning the protocols the spread or the variants is ignored
And so we've been making maps of these people trying to shift these people around Peter McCollum made a huge move a couple days ago
Robert Malone we've watched a few videos with him and
a person who was arrested at the January 6th
Uprising or whatever the hell it's called
We streamed with multiple times multiple times
control
There's no other way to see it because if he was streaming with Crichel and now George Webb is his bad guy
Then this is all one big web of of fiction
All one big story. Are they trying to get people to go away from antibodies?
Are they trying to get big pharma to go away from antibodies and two of these more trustworthy patents?
Or maybe these patents that Robert Malone had are all expired now
Maybe new antibody patents are ever more difficult to get
And so maybe this is the new way forward because there's no way to get
That we have to understand this because that's what these people are involved with that's what this distraction is all about
It's not money. It's only money and so far as money is power
This is for all the marbles ladies and gentlemen
So we've talked about Paul Cottrell and Robert Malone connected to one another we've talked about Peter McCollum
famous case of the M&R and what he just said the reason I mentioned this is you've had the
Your your your change in kind of you around vaccines in general has also
coincided with your I don't know if it's a reacquaintance with or an acquaintance with the case of Wakefield
So what so for the Brits here just to hear this wrong. Do you think he was perhaps right all along?
I think he was right all along and I think he will be vindicated
Absolutely, so do you agree with test and have you as your do you move to my view has changed now?
I can tell you if I was a young parent today
What I would do is I would forgo the vaccines. I'm not an anti-vaxxer. I can't be I'm a pin cushion
I took all these vaccines know what I am though is I'm now vaccine risk aware
And let me tell you what Andy Wakefield was right and all Andy Wakefield was saying is that maybe it's too
Intense, maybe we ought to just kind of spread him out. That's all he was really saying
This is a gigantic moves right that changed the playing board a little bit
We have to move things around and figure out what's going on here. That's what we're doing
We're paying attention and letting people speak for themselves
Lots of these people here have spoken for themselves throughout this whole three years Paul Catrell for sure
Kevin McCarron for sure
Richard Fleming for sure Robert Malone for sure Steve Kerr's for sure all you have to do is look up what they said in
2020 21 22 and you can see that they all deserve red squares
They're not fighting for our freedom. They're not fighting for our sovereignty. They're not fighting to save
millions of people from making a mistake
And so none of these people spoke out against the shot none of them are speaking out against the shot
Otherwise, it's really simple. Don't do it
Transfection is an immunization. They're real easy sentences. They don't require an hour-long podcast. You can just say it
tweet it
But they don't
You can just say that well the childhood vaccination schedules out of our control because we let it be
Since 1986 you could just say that but they don't
And
Because a lot of these people in this picture don't say it you shouldn't trust them because that's where we are
That's the dividing line. It's not lab leak or natural virus. It's not long COVID or not if you believe in it
It's not whether there's a virus or not what it is is about whether public health is bullshit or not
Whether what these people are selling is real or snake oil. That's what this is about
It's not about some people. It's about the whole plan and the execution of it
I'll stop stop that's escape escape escape what in my world am I doing? I didn't change that fast enough and so I don't have that up
And I needed to be this one
And so you know a breathtaking sign you know that I'm very
I very much plugged this book at the beginning of the pandemic called immune
which is by this YouTube channel kurgesat in a nutshell and
I actually think this book is still pretty good
But I think this channel was co-opted right before the pandemic and I really wasn't aware of it and
Some of their older videos I used in a lot of my presentations
But it turns out that now they're full-on gain a function in their full-on mythology
And I've actually got a second video that I'm just going to remember for you to watch
Where another youtuber actually breaks down their funding in the last three years that it's extraordinary. It's Bill Gates for almost six million dollars
But a lot of other
organizations that are all about population control and vaccines and so this is another example of
How YouTube producers YouTube creators YouTube content has been has been co-opted
In order to make sure that this went off flawlessly. How did they do it with these guys? They gave them a boatload of money
For them to make a video like this
Tifik Revolution is taking place
Biotechnology has been progressing at stunning speed giving us the tools to eventually gain control over biology
On the one hand solving the deadliest diseases while also creating viruses more dangerous than nuclear bombs able to devastate humanity
What's going on?
biotech capability
Biotechnology is increasingly everywhere the cotton in your clothes the vegetables you eat your dog
Humans manipulate living things. We use bacteria to produce insulin
Connect prosthetics directly with our brains and make industrial enzymes to produce paper
Gene therapy creates cures to previously untreatable diseases while we're working on food crops resistant to climate change
Our mastery over biology has been speeding up so much that within weeks of the first COVID-19 case
The unknown coronavirus was broken down in laboratories and analyzed
Scientists generated a copy of its genetic material to create a vaccine that was ready for testing months after the pandemic began
Something unthinkable a decade ago
Where is all this sudden progress coming from? Well, it's complicated
Ha but in a nutshell really expensive things got cheap and knowledge of how to
Impressive things spread freely. So that's where it's it's there's the first bamboo zaman, right?
We've talked about this before you can't equate
The ability to make cheaper and cheaper DNA molecules with the understanding of what those DNA molecules do
So yeah, it's become cheap to make cell phones
And maybe it's even become sequent cheap to sequence DNA
Maybe it's become cheap to make a bunch of DNA using recombinant DNA in
Plasmids and in bacteria, but that doesn't mean you understand what you're copying. It doesn't mean you understand how it works and
We don't and that illusion is created every time somebody gives that talk Kevin McCarron and give that talk
Every biologist that's given a TED talk about this crap is given this thing where it used to cost
$10,000 to sequence a human now it only costs 150
so what
If you could print all the Chinese books in the world for free, but you can't read Chinese and what difference does it make?
Well Chinese books used to be really expensive now, they're really cheap. Well, so what?
That's what we're talking about here only. It's a lot harder than Chinese
They tell you that it's only got four bases and so it's really easy to figure out, but that's an absolute ridiculous lie
And that's what they're being paid to tell you
The Human Genome Project starting in 1990 was the first major attempt to read human DNA in its entirety
13 years and three billion dollars later. It was complete
By then the cost of decoding a human genome here. It is about one hundred million dollars
Today, it's 100,000 times cheaper costing only about a thousand dollars. There you go
How is that possible?
Converting DNA into computer data and then studying it used to be a super tedious process
Taking expert humans around three years of manual work and that was Kevin McCarron
Like he actually is the guy who did this. He designed the stuff. You can see him in the laboratories where they're doing it
and
then he sold patents and he started companies and he sold patents and
That's why he has a seven thousand dollar seven thousand square foot house in the suburbs of Boston on the frickin harbor
And so ask yourself why a guy who's made hundreds of millions of dollars probably in his life with his brother and his dad
With all the companies they've started all the patents they've sold
How does a person like that spend all of his time on Twitter?
Coming after a guy with less than 3,000 followers on Twitch
Where the vast majority of users are ladies without their shirt on playing video games?
Why does Kevin McCarron and bother to even talk to me?
Why does Kevin McCarron even bother to tweet about COVID?
because of this
Because of this illusion and the fact that he is still making his living off of this illusion
This idea that cheaply reading DNA translates to understanding it
Today it takes about two weeks and is almost completely automated
Biotechnology has gone from something restricted to the best and well-funded laboratories
Start by the world's top experts to something affordable enough for hundreds of thousands of people to casually work on
What's sped up the process even more is that information in the field is that was so stupid?
That was a guy in a recliner watching TV
Look at he's he's following the directions on a YouTube video on how to make a gain of function virus. It's hysterical
Occasionally work on
What sped up the process even more is that information in the field is shared widely and freely?
Cutting-edge discoveries now take just about a year to be copied in laboratories around the world a few years for any
Why is that hooking that they're doing it in a garage?
That's exactly what Malone said was gonna happen that they're gonna make make shit in their garage
Tell me this is not a joke to you
They are really thinking that we're gonna fall for this
And to work out and a bit over a decade for high school students to experiment with them in schools
Imagine that your local computer repair shop could build a pristine iPhone 11 with just the parts lying around and that
Teenagers are asked to build a new iPhone 5 for homework. Not a crappy homemade version the real thing
This is what's going on right now in biotechnology
Technology revolution
Unbelievable and unprecedented rate
Unbelievable faster than cheaper to do you could have made this video in the 1980s, and it would still be the same thing
These are people dancing around with glow-in-the-dark earlomire flasks come on
Are we really this bad?
Has our education really fallen so far that people are gonna fall for a person with an electric guitar in their hand and a glowing
earlomire flask
Holy ships
This speed means we can expect even more wonderful things for humanity
life-saving treatments miracle crops and solutions to problems that we can't even imagine right now
But unfortunately progress cuts both ways
What can be used for good can also be used for bad by accident or on purpose here we go
What if you could build a nuclear bomb in your backyard? Oh?
For all the good biotechnal do for us in the near future
It also could easily kill many millions of people in the worst case hundreds of millions
Holy shit in the worst case scenario Kevin McCarran said it would be a billion people dead
Then any nuclear bomb the world just witnessed how fast the novel coronavirus spread
We still don't know for sure if it came from nature
Or was the result of an accidental leak from a lab working with coronaviruses that's still subject to scientific
All there it is in the end
Covid raccoon million people died and this was still a relatively mild virus that seven million people died
No accounting of any of the protocols the shutdowns the ventilating the nothing seven million people died
Thank you very much for paying us millions of dollars to tell us you tell your story in our pretty colors
This company completely sold out
Of course serious disease in most of those infected
But that might change in the future. Oh, it might wherever the last pandemic came from the next one might very well be our own fault
Oh, it might very well be so if you're still on the fence and you think this one's natural the next one might not be
So that's how the Scooby-Doo works
Even if you don't accept that this one was a lab leak
Because of what happened in the last three years you can't deny that they were lying and
Covering shit up and so maybe the next one will be much worse
In a sense many things going on in biotechnology could lead to this
Most of all how easy it is to work with dangerous viruses
Thousands of scientists can simply order the genetic data of infectious virus samples online to experiment with them
Assembling these into an artificial virus in 2023 costs about as much as a new car including all the lab equipment
Why don't they say a clone?
An artificial virus is an infectious clone
why don't they say that making an infectious clone is easy and
Making a crap ton of it is only a matter of scaling things up a bit
At the same time other scientists are trying to find viruses that hide in nature
Oh, so that's why because they have to tell you that the pandemic potential in nature is being accessed in the laboratory
Do you see?
That's the mythology that there's pandemic potential out there that can be accessed in here and we can recombine it in here and
Create pandemic potential that wasn't found out there. That is the narrative like in wild bats or monkeys
There are probably plenty of potentially deadly pandemics out there
Virus hunters take samples back to the lab to learn whether the newly discovered viruses are likely to spread in humans and catalog the danger
When a biologist discovers a new virus that usually publish its genetic data to the public
Journals are eager to share descriptions of potentially dangerous viruses other labs go further and make viruses more dangerous
They combine and mutate different viruses to understand which mutations make them more likely to spread between humans or make them
Deadlier than their original forms and again these results are shared freely
Synthetic DNA and equipment to rebuild these viruses are sold online to anyone without any or very little
That's exactly what Robert Malone said
Isn't it the people can buy this shit on eBay now
For tracking as the tools of biotechnology get ever cheaper and easy to use and the data on dangerous viruses keeps multiplying
It's only a matter of time before a well-meaning scientist shares blueprints for the equivalent nuclear bomber viruses a superbug that will cause
Millions of deaths and someone uses it maybe because they have bad intentions
Maybe because they're irresponsible or sloppy we're creating an environment in which it's increasingly easy for anyone to create a weaponized
Or maybe they'll want to cure their dad's Alzheimer's disease and they'll make a virus that infects monkeys and makes them super smart
And then that virus will zoonautically jump back from the monkeys into the humans and wipe the whole planet out
And we'll be left with a small group of humans that has to fight for the planet of the apes
Because that's the actual plot of the new planet of the apes from 2008 9 and 11
Maybe
Iris in their backyard
This is scary. The world would be plunged into an unending crisis as new pandemics pop up year after year or all at once
Killing large parts of the world's population doing unimaginable damage to civilization as a whole. Wow
Possibly undoing centuries of progress. Here we go. What can we do turns out a lot? Oh, yeah
It's not the first time we've faced a challenge like this and we are not helpless think of nuclear technology
Something extremely powerful and dangerous with huge upsides and downsides
Nuclear energy was born from weapon programs. So its creators were always aware of the potential for their knowledge to be abused
From the very beginning it was clear that knowledge in this field and access to the technology needed to be handled with utmost care
So a lot of effort has gone into making sure no radioactive material disappears from sight
Or the countries don't try to hide weapons development behind energy programs
The result hasn't been perfect, but considering the 411 nuclear power stations running today. We've been very successful
Likewise, no researcher would think to share data on how to turn common laboratory equipment. Did they forget about what happened in Japan?
I'm sorry, but isn't nuclear power kind of like an all-or-nothing thing like if you have a meltdown like
I'm just trying to understand is was
Were these meltdowns bad or not? I think they are I think what happened in Fukushima is kind of bad
I don't know maybe I'm wrong but into bomb-making machines on the internet
There's no reason we couldn't handle the rainy dangerous aspects of biotechnology in a similar way
Experts have come up with three sort of bullet points
First we need to delay the next deadly pandemic by getting a grip on how we treat dangerous viruses
Vergenetic data should be treated as an info hazard
Information that poses a danger to society if it's shared without care now
Keep in mind that we are posting the entire genome of all the variants that are currently in circulation. So that all that data is available
Nepovirus all that stuff's online. So what is he talking about here?
In other words, not just anyone should be able to order dangerous DNA online
And if you do you should be tracked so it becomes much harder for the wrong people to access the really spicy stuff
The next step is detecting the danger by becoming aware of which viruses are present to runners
This could be as easy as having labs in populations
Don't forget that the who said this that we have to have sewer and genomic surveillance all the time
That's what they want
It's part of this thing
Because then they can say the sewer levels
Of x virus are going up. So we have to change the way that we behave
When the sewer levels go down
Then we'll change back. That's what their plan is. Don't get it. Don't don't misunderstand. That's that's coming
Ntas maintain virus detectors that monitor what's going on in the micro world
If we suddenly see certain microorganisms show up a lot in a short time
We can react quickly and start countermeasures. There it is. There it is the final step destroy
We basically need to build a machine that's ready to destroy any pandemic threat before it has a chance to take over
A machine to destroy any pandemic threat before it has a chance to take over. What do you think that is MRNA?
We can do this with new tools that are being developed right now
Like nano filters that pull dangers out of the air we breathe or specialized new v-lamps
That just kill any virus before it has a chance to jump from person to person
And of course we need to get better at getting new vaccines faster than ever before in history
If we do these three things the chances are really good that we can avoid a catastrophic pandemic in the future
Biotechnology like any exciting and powerful technology is neither inherently good or bad
It has the potential to be both in breathtaking ways
We have the chance to have a future where we get to truly control biology
Biology the biology of the plants and animals around us and the biology of the micro world
And that is the arrogance that will get all of us in trouble. That's the arrogance that brought us here
It's the arrogance that's bringing us transhumanism
It is the arrogance that is losing the sacred
It's all part of the same big big big giant show
Don't give up the sacred don't let go of the complexity of biology. Don't let go of what's unexplainable
Don't let them take it away from you and your kids
They can lie about all they want
It doesn't change the fact that they don't know they won't know they can't know and they know that they won't know
But they want the power anyway
They want to replace the sacred with worship of themselves
So let's use it to create a future where we triumph over pandemics and diseases for good
This video was supported by open philanthropy
If you want to help and want to have a high impact on the world check out the buyer risk career guide from 80 000 hours
A non-profit organization that helps people find careers that can tackle some of humanities greatest problems in the most efficient way
We're going to pause that there. We're going to escape out of here
I need to go to the airport ladies and gentlemen because I have a friend in town
And so I just want to end with the idea
What the hell is this as the wrong slide, right?
Escape that
I just want to end with the idea that they probably
Lied to us about this graph here
They lied to us about the light blue by not telling us about it and they lied about the dark blue by not telling us why it went up
By threefold during the pandemic
They lied about a virus they paid a lot of money to go along with the lie
And there was likely a molecular seeding of this lie
A seeding of a clone in many places in the world so that the molecular biology would line up
And that they could scare people into following their dumb protocols for money
And those dumb protocols involved not treating people the way you'd have normally treated them
And being afraid of people when you normally would not have been afraid of them
Not recessed dating people when you did not need to to leave them
And
They did that with the intense express
Intent of using that event and this event as a way of justifying an inversion of everything that we know is freedom
And the reason why they're doing it is because they've told each other in secret meetings for years
That this is necessary for population
And to feed the AI
Because the way that we're going to become masters of our biology like Kyrgyzstan that stupid video just told us
Was by collecting all the medical data and all the genetic data and all the data from everybody
It's alive
And the more data we have the more likely it is the AI will be able to do all those things
Control the biology of all the plants and the animals and the fish and the microbes
And it's all a great big mythology
It's a great big mythology to make you sink down into your chair
And flip the channel of the television back to the next
binge target
It's time to wake up ladies and gentlemen
It's no longer time to to sleep or to wait or to act tomorrow
Now's the time to share this information
Now's the time to speak up with your relatives and friends. We have a few more months
one more month until thanksgiving
So the thanksgiving table is coming really soon
Learn this biology ladies and gentlemen
Learn it so you can spread it
This biology is starting to become easier to learn
Because it's simpler if it's all lies
Gigomebiological.com or gigome.bio
I will see you tomorrow. I'm sorry the show is so short tonight. I'm hopeful
Yeah, I'm gonna have lots of time tomorrow. Maybe I'll even have my friend
Who's here join me for the show
Thanks very much for joining me. Sorry. I was so short again, but we're keeping the streak alive
The daily let's do it
You